Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
Well, I have my sweetheart with me here again, and I told her, I said, "Man, yesterday's video was powerful.
If you did not watch that prayer part when the Lord showed up in our prayer time, my goodness, that was life-changing.
" I told Diana, I said, "I didn't want to stop praying, but I knew that it was—I could feel it lifting.
" And so I was like, you know, you only go as long as the Spirit of the Lord is there.
You're not there to keep doing something if He's not in it.
But I'm going to do everything with Him, and I'm going to pick it like a chicken bone.
Every time we do those prayer sessions, Diana, the day after or until we make the next video, will go through it looking for scripture references to the things the Father was saying, because we know everything the Lord is going to tell you lines up with His Word.
He doesn't ever deviate from His Word about revival or anything.
It always lines up with the Bible.
And if it doesn't, you really need to realize that 99.
9% of the time, it's not God.
If it lines up with scripture, you know it's the Father.
He's speaking to you because He'll speak, and His Word stands alone.
It's a pillar, but He always verifies, and the Word lines up with the prophetic.
So, this is the scripture that the Lord was speaking to us about Living Word Church yesterday, and some in Collinsville and Branson.
He gave us this scripture, and I'm going to have Diana read it here: Psalm 126.
Go ahead and read that.
"When the Lord brought back his exiles to Jerusalem, it was like a dream.
We were filled with laughter and we sang for joy.
And the other nations said, 'What amazing things the Lord has done for them.
' Yes, the Lord has done amazing things for us.
What joy!
Restore our fortunes, Lord, as streams renew the desert.
Those who plant in tears will harvest with shouts of joy.
They weep as they go to plant their seed, but they sing as they return with the harvest.
" So He was quoting to us verse five.
Go ahead and read verse 5.
"Those who plant in tears will harvest with shouts of joy.
They weep as they go to plant their seed, but they sing as they return with the harvest.
" He's talking about the harvest that's about to take place.
Exciting.
So, let's just get right into the vision, what He showed us yesterday.
Like I said, I am not really familiar with Living Word, but He keeps talking about Minnesota and what's going to happen in Minnesota.
And then what was awesome is—and we'll get into this—He talked about what's about to happen in California and all these other areas.
I'm telling you, this vision that we had yesterday was wow.
So, I encourage you to watch this whole video because it will really bless you.
If you didn't watch the whole prayer video yesterday, I encourage you to go back and watch it again.
Listen to the prayer part, what was coming right out of the throne room of the Father.
Now, I was seeing Lynne Hammond, who is the pastor over Living Word with her husband Mac.
And so, she is the prayer warrior.
She's the one that prays like what I'm talking about.
But I saw her as a younger woman in this vision.
I saw her as a younger woman when they first started the church, and I saw her praying alone.
She was praying and travailing for the lost.
And as she would pray, people would be added.
I saw these people that were strategically placed at Living Word for prayer.
They would rise up beside her, and as she prayed, it was like a fire torch inside of her that would catch on to that other person, and then they would catch the fire and start praying.
As the prayers of that church group, or whoever was praying there, each one would pray, and the fire would spread.
I could see the prayer group getting bigger and bigger and bigger.
But as they were praying, they were sowing seeds into the ground.
I could see in that vision thick, manure-looking soil that was rich, like Miracle-Gro soil.
But the seeds went—not growing, but they went dormant.
They went into the ground and were being held, not for then, but they were praying for what's about to happen.
Some of the time they thought, "Well, Lord," crying out and weeping, and that's the scripture He gave us.
They were sowing in their tears, but they're about to reap in joy.
They were sowing these tears of prayers, and they were going into the foundation of the church, and they never saw the full manifestation of all the years of prayers, from Brother Halverson to Lucy when she was here on the earth.
There were so many prayers of the saints that went into the ground, and you'd see a couple sprouts of growth here and there.
And there was a beginning revival that was a former—what you want to call a former rain of that church, a former glory.
And the Lord said to me, I saw those seeds as they prayed in these prayer groups.
I saw a heavy-set woman.
I don't know who she was.
I saw all these people, and they were in circles, and they just kept at it.
They kept planting.
And the Lord said, "Some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
" Not every one of the seeds in the past from the elders, from Rachel Tateller to all these great prayer warriors—Jeannie Wilkerson, all these great prayer warriors that I've mentioned before.
He said they didn't see the full manifestation of what they sowed in prayer.
But the next generation grabbed on a little bit more, and it went on.
But it went clear back.
It went back even further decades, another generation, generations of people that have wept and wept and wept for the coming of the Lord, for the coming of the Messiah, waiting for the former rain and the latter rain, sowing seeds of tears of prayers for the foundation of the revival that's about to take place.
They were sowing it in the ground, and I could see before the Father's throne these beautiful seeds that were planted, but you couldn't see them.
They were in the dirt, and they were dormant, and the Lord said these dormant seeds have all been planted.
And as I was watching in this church of Living Word in Minnesota, all of a sudden those seeds got water on them that was coming from the throne, and it started to saturate.
You could hear me talking about it in the vision, and it was a thick water that was glorious.
I saw glory like water coming, but it covered the seeds with this manure, right?
And I saw the water come on top of it.
So all of a sudden I saw corn stalks start coming up in the middle of the altars, of all the pews where the chairs were.
They started springing forth, and it started springing forth corn plants all over the place.
There were corn plants.
But as those seeds were being watered—some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
The Lord said to me, He said, "You're about to see the generation that's about to bring in the increase, the harvest time.
" And I saw Living Word, I saw Lynne as, like I said, a young woman, and she kept praying.
And then all of a sudden I saw a glory mist fill the congregation, and as it was coming onto the congregation members—this is what's about to happen.
And the Lord showed me what's about to happen.
I saw Holy Ghost mist.
It looked like a fog.
But as it went onto the people, as it lifted and went away, it left a residue of gold dust.
It was like gold dust all over the people.
As this mist lifted, it left gold dust and diamond-like particles of diamonds, but they shone like a sparkling on their clothes.
Wow.
And the Lord told me, He said, 'There have been times in the past in other church services, not with Living Word but with other churches, that people have tried to mimic and try to imitate what God has done and what has been pure in times past.
But this will be a new movement of a fragrance, of a beautiful outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen it before.
As the mist comes in, as it lifts, it will leave gold dust on folks.
I'll be excited just with the mist.
I mean, I'm rolling around in that mist cloud.
If I'm seeing the mist, I'm like, this is...
But God's doing another little bit of something to this.
Not only is it—it's not like when you get mist in real life and it leaves a residue of moisture on your skin, some humidity, or when you walk in fog you feel humidity like the dew.
But the Lord said as this happens in services, it will leave a gold dust, almost like when you see dust on your furniture, a residue of the glory.
Wow.
And I could see—this is what I thought was interesting—I saw where they are right now.
And this is me, I'm not picking at the church, I don't know these people, but I saw from COVID to where they are now that the numbers are down, that things aren't like they were in the past with people showing up for prayer.
Now, I don't know if this is true or not, but this is just what I saw.
Now, if you go there and you say, "Brandon, that's off.
" Well, then call me off, but whatever.
This is what I saw, and I'm just telling you what I saw.
I don't add anything to or take away from anything that I see.
But I saw a wave that was back in the '80s and '90s, that was strong prayer that came in like a wave.
And as the years have gone by, the wave has receded, and there's dryness in between.
Where the beach is, there's dryness there.
And as the water keeps pulling back, the drier it gets on the beach.
But the Lord said to me, 'What seems dry right now is not dryness.
It's getting ready for another major wave of My glory and prayer on that church and on these other churches around the nation.
' And I saw a tsunami wave, because the further the water is being pulled back, just like it is in a tsunami—it's pulling it back, pulling it back—all of a sudden, you go, 'Where's the water?
' and it's 500 feet way back that way.
People go, 'What happened to the water?
The water's receding.
Man, this is really bad.
' And then all of a sudden you go, 'No, you need to run because there's about to be a major tidal wave of God's presence and glory.
' And that is what's happening right now.
The Lord said, 'You may say it's dry right now in the natural in the body of Christ, and what you feel right now in the natural, and not just concerning Living Word.
' But He said, 'What you're seeing in the body of Christ right now seems really dry, Brandon, but what's happening is that wave is being pulled back.
Get ready, because a major tsunami of My glory and My presence is about to invade America, it's about to invade South America, and it's about to invade all around the world.
All around this world is about to have a major tsunami wave of the glory of God.
' Because where it is the driest, it's because the water's receding.
Get ready, because the Lord told me, He said, 'A major wave of My presence is about to invade this earth one more time, one more time.
' And that's what I saw, the glory pulling back, and it was beautiful.
So she's going to cry again.
I sure love you; your heart is so tender.
So as I saw that happening, then I saw that coming, and then it was like this.
I saw it was like a rock that is being thrown in the middle of a pond.
It doesn't just ripple one way; it creates a tidal wave all around it.
And as Lynn was praying, I saw what's about to take place with the new generation, where the elderly generation is tired and they've done their part.
And I saw runners running, and they were running in a sprint, but they didn't stop in stride to turn back and look and grab.
They were running in stride and they caught on to what the elders had, and they grabbed a hold of the baton of the glory and they ran with it even further because they had young legs.
But as this happened, I saw a rock in the middle of a pool of water, and the wave of the glory didn't just hit one way.
It exploded all the way around.
It had ripples to the north, the south, the east, the west, the northwest—all the way around, it was a ripple all around.
But then I saw this: I saw old buses that looked like school buses going out from Living Word, and they were packing these buses full of people and they were evangelizing.
People were getting healed with creative miracles and things were happening.
I don't know if they do this or not, but I'm telling you this is what I saw.
I saw new, fresh faces, a new, fresh revival coming to this church.
And the Lord was warning me, He said, 'Brandon, I'm not done.
' You may think the water's coming back.
They may think...
I don't know, this church could be totally on fire.
You might say, 'Brandon, this is totally off.
' I don't know; all I know is this is what the Lord is showing me.
Maybe there's still a little fire there, or from where it was, I don't know.
I'm just telling you what I see.
But then the Lord showed me, I saw Azusa Street in California.
And He told me, 'This church, Living Word, will become a new Azusa Street revival.
' And He said, 'Not only will Living Word become Azusa Street, but Collinsville, Branson, California again, all these other churches.
' And He said to me, 'There will be multiple Azusa Street revival strong points in Fort Worth.
I saw Eagle Mountain.
I saw these places for strong points of revival that are about to hit the land, and it will be like pillars of fire in the spirit realm, like what they saw in Azusa Street, that people will be coming there.
' Oh, and then He showed me Charis Bible College for Andrew Wommack.
Andrew Wommack was another place of like an Azusa Street revival in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
I saw a major revival about to take place at Charis Bible College.
And the Lord said to me, He said, 'It's all hands on deck right now.
I'm calling all the generals.
I'm calling whoever will just say yes to Me.
I will pour out My Spirit upon all flesh.
' And that's why He told me, He said, 'Brandon, you've been criticized about the visions that I give you.
And people say, "Well, he sees more visions and more things than even the prophets of old saw.
" But the Lord said, "Brandon, all you're doing is fulfilling Joel chapter 2.
In the last days, I said, I'll pour out My Spirit upon all flesh, and my young men will see visions, and my old men will dream dreams.
"' And He said, 'Brandon, you're fulfilling that word.
Don't worry about what they say.
You're fulfilling that word.
' He said it to me again and He keeps telling me.
He said, 'Don't worry.
Young men will see visions and old men will dream dreams.
' The old men are going to start to dream lots of dreams.
They're going to tell you about what they're seeing.
People are going to have visitations about hell.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to show them and give them warnings to come back and give them a place and a platform to tell what they saw in hell.
' If you have people reach out about that, that's what He told me.
He said they're going to reach out.
People are going to start talking about hell, and we'll know the authentic from the fake.
You're going to know what God is saying—this is from Me and who's not.
And I'm telling you all by the Spirit of God, people are going to start having visitations and manifestations of the glory of angelic hosts like we've never seen before.
It's time to believe.
It's time to receive.
It's time to expect everything God has for you in these last days.
Sister Billye called right after I uploaded that video and she goes, "Okay, tell me the scoop.
What did you see?
I want to know.
" And I said, "I didn't send that video to you.
Somebody else did.
So, somebody watches my channel.
" So, I'm thankful for whoever's out there supporting me.
I just want to let you all know Jesus is the reason for this.
And I'm so excited to be a part, you know, as we see what he's about to do in Living Word, and the prayers of the saints that were buried in the sand that people thought had gone dormant and they never saw the full manifestation of what they're believing for there.
Those seeds are about to spring forth fruit all around the world.
And I saw the glorious gospel in a way that we've never seen before.
And then I saw a major revival about to hit California, and I told you all that, and he even said, "Remember the Welsh revival where they had to train the donkeys to go on different commands other than by swear words?
" Because there was so much revival that took place in Welsh that people were so foul and had bad language that the donkeys didn't know how to operate in the commands they were being told because they were just used to being sweared at all the time.
And the miners all got born again, and it was like Sunday there all the time.
There was a glorious outpouring that happened in the Welsh revival, and the Lord showed me, he said, "The porn industry will dry up for a season because of what's going to happen in Hollywood.
" He said, "Brandon, I'm going to visit Hollywood, for the deeper the blue, the greater the revival.
" And remember, "I'm going to show up in Hollywood.
" And I saw certain key celebrities, major A-list celebrities, giving their heart to Jesus Christ and having indoor meetings in mansions.
But as this happens, there will be people so hungry in these glory domes.
Instead of sports domes, there'll be glory events, and there will be so much of this going on that people won't be looking at bad stuff on the internet for a little bit.
They'll be so tied up and so excited about repentance that they'll be like, "Man!
" And it's going to affect the industries.
And remember I told you about Mel Gibson?
Mel Gibson will make a new movie.
Back several months ago, the Lord said, "Believe for $50 million because the budget will be around $50 million, and people will come against him very strong concerning this $50 million.
" And when he releases this movie, it will be a shockwave throughout the movie theaters with the glorious outpouring even in the movie theaters.
So pray for Mel Gibson.
He's going to need it because I saw great spiritual, satanic warfare coming against him concerning this.
It's a major film and it will be something that will shake the whole world.
But as I was praying, the Lord said, "This isn't about just America.
This is about the whole world.
" And as I was looking, he said, "South America, a major revival; Australia...
" It just kept going.
Holy Ghost fire will visit every corner of the earth, every nation all around the globe.
You're going to see a major move of God's presence.
So, I just want you to get excited when I call out these churches.
You say, "Well, that's so far away from me.
" I'm not trying to tell you that to say, "Well, you know, Living Word's like almost 700 miles from me, I think.
I don't remember how.
" Well, it's quite a ways from us, but we'll go and visit if that happens.
I'm going to be for real with you.
I'll be the first one there camped out with an RV saying, "Hey, we're not leaving.
" I just want you all to have anticipation.
The same thing with Collinsville, same thing with Brandon.
Those are just the ones that he showed you.
There could be way more, way more.
It's not like he goes, "Well, Brandon, these are the only places.
" Expect your church to have that, too.
Expect your church to have it, too.
Sister Billye was talking about Armenia and the revival that took place there during the outpouring of Azusa Street, and things that were type and shadow that happened over there.
I didn't know it even happened.
She said, "Yeah, I'll show you.
" She was going to send me a book.
But I just want to get you all fired up and encouraged today to believe God for big where you are.
Because when I was seeing all this, and all the glory dust and all the things the Lord was showing me, I could see the glory in the atmosphere.
I could see the presence of the Lord changing the atmosphere even of these ministries in this church.
And I'm telling you, Branson's going to have one.
And she told me, she said, "Brandon," when she called us, she said, "Brandon, we're having a glorious outpouring even with our young people.
" And she was talking about her grandson getting the Holy Ghost and fire—and now get it, it was intercessory prayer, groanings coming from the kids.
And she said there was a prophetic word that went forth about the kids in the last days, the last part of it.
I believe it was somebody—I don't remember who she said—but she said that they got the word that right before the end of the end, the children would start to intercede and have intercessory prayer.
And I got so excited about it because that's what we're seeing even with our little one.
And we're going to see more and more and more for what the Lord has in store.
And I believe, even going into 2026, 2025, finishing up this year, regardless of what some people say—"Well, we're not going to see financial outpouring, we're not going to see all this"—God forbid.
We need supernatural things to take place in this season right now for this three-and-a-half-year window to believe God for a major harvest of souls, believing God for a supernatural increase in your household, that whatever you put your hands to, you will prosper.
That's why I try to tell you all to believe God for big regardless.
That's why I was believing God for certain cryptocurrencies, saying, "Lord, you're going to breathe on this.
" Now, not everybody wants to believe that, and that's fine, but I'm going to believe God for it.
I'm standing on it because I know what I've seen and I know what I hear.
And it may not be...
He that has ears to hear, hear what the Spirit is saying.
I don't look at mathematical charts to hear what God is trying to tell me.
I don't have a PhD in hermeneutics or anything.
I am just an old country boy that follows the voice of God like a pin drop.
And I listen, and I listen again.
And I do not line myself up with other people.
I keep to myself and I listen to what the Lord has told me to do.
And he said, "Line up with these elders and line up with this elder.
Do exactly what I tell you to do and stay on track.
" And I just follow his voice.
It may not be the most popular crowd, it may not be the most anointed crowd, it may not be the most whatever.
I just follow what the voice of the Lord tells me to do.
Do you understand?
You have to follow the voice of God for your life.
And what does the Lord tell you to do?
That's why I say I'm not a financial adviser, I never am.
But I'm going to tell you this: I know what the Lord has told me, and a major shaking is coming.
A major shaking to awaken is coming.
And most people say, "I don't want to hear that, Brandon.
That scares me.
" I'm not here to scare you; I'm here to prepare you, to warn you of what the Holy Spirit is telling us.
And he tells us, "Brandon, I'm coming.
" And that's the main thing I focus on—not about plagues, or viruses, or volcanoes, or earthquakes, or famine, or any of these things.
I focus on the soon return of my Lord, and he's coming.
But he's coming back for a glorious church, and we're about to see that glorious church.
So, basically, that's what I had for y'all today.
I just wanted to give you something just to stir you up a little bit, to come here and get refreshed, to come here and say, 'Man, I can go on again tomorrow,' and to say, 'Hey, you've got what it takes.
' You know, whatever it takes to fan that flame.
When I get these visions and we get this stuff, it comes out of hours of intercessory prayer.
But we love you so much.
We're so thankful that you would join us today and be a part of our YouTube broadcast.
Let's pray for you real quick and believe God for your miracle.
Whatever you have need of, Jesus has the answer for it.
Nothing's too big, and nothing's too small.
Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
Whether it's a financial breakthrough, if you're believing for finances, I believe that this is the time that you'll have more than enough.
I will not participate in an economic downturn.
I will not participate in economic struggle.
I'm a tither.
I'm a giver, and I have tither's rights.
And Diana and I, we stand on that no matter where we are in our life.
We believe we receive.
Whatever the Bible says I can have, I have.
And He said in His word that He would supply all my needs according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
So I want you today to believe for your financial breakthrough, whatever it may be.
You can say, 'Brandon, I'm down to my last $5.
We don't have enough money to even get to the first of the month because we don't even have enough to get to the first of the month.
We have another week left until next Monday.
I don't even know how, but my God shall supply.
' And as a tither and a giver, you can put a demand on the seed you've sowed.
'Father, You are the one that provides.
You bring forth the harvest over the seeds I have sowed in the past.
I thank You, Lord, that it's not one-for-one, but You are the God of multiplication.
' And whenever You're a God of multiplication, it's a 30, 60, and 100-fold return.
And I believe that You're the God that gives the 100-fold return when I sow into good ground and good soil.
And I call that forth in the name of Jesus.
I thank You, angels of the Lord.
Go and get my finances.
Cause favor to come to me today, angels.
Thank You, Lord, for bringing forth the harvest in the name of Jesus.
A good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give unto my bosom.
And I believe that for you today.
I believe, Father, that You're going to supply for them, that whatever they put their hands to will prosper today.
I thank You, Father, that You're the God of more than enough.
Now, Lord, over their marriage, I thank You, Lord, that their marriages are blessed.
I pray over every single one of them, Father, that they get strife out of their home.
For where there is strife, there's confusion and every evil work.
We take authority over strife in the name of Jesus, and we'll not have strife in our households.
We'll have peace that passes all understanding.
Love is king in our homes.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
No matter how much she may say or how much I may say, we say we are going to love.
We're not going to have strife.
We're going to have peace and joy in this house.
And that's what you have to say over your house.
'You're going to have peace.
We're going to have love.
Love is king in our home.
' Yes, you can't afford to have strife in your house.
It destroys it; it is the thief of all your blessings.
I will say, 'No, if she's having a bad day...
' I say, 'Let's just agree to disagree on that, and we'll come back to it later, but let's just pray for each other.
' You know what I'm saying?
And it doesn't happen very often, but when it does, you just keep praying over it and you have peace.
Keep peace a priority in your home.
Everybody has stuff they go through.
Nobody sits there and says, 'Well, we're perfect.
Diana and I, we've never had any struggles.
' That's horse manure.
Seriously, we're all human.
But when Megan was first diagnosed and all that, we didn't think we were going to make it.
But it's the keep-on-keeping-on attitude, saying, 'Listen, we're going to work this out.
We're going to choose to make our marriage work.
' That's what you have to do.
'I choose to make my marriage work, even if it seems unfixable at the time.
' You can fix anything, Holy Spirit, with love.
But it's going to take a little grit, a little gusto, and saying, 'I'm just determined.
We're going to pray this out.
We're going to pray together, and we're going to work this out.
' And there's no such thing...
we even say there's no such thing as the D-word up in here.
Divorce is not a part of your vocabulary.
The D-word is a quitter's mentality.
We're not quitters.
And that's what you have to say over your marriage.
'We're not quitters.
Divorce is not an option.
' Yeah, divorce is not an option.
Love is king.
And where that is, we're going to walk this out in love.
We're going to get through this.
We're going to go through this valley together.
We're going to come out smelling good, not like fire, right?
No, it's a refining.
Every marriage is going to have some tests.
But that's what I'm trying to tell you all: keep on keeping on.
The foundation is loving Jesus.
If you build your house upon the rock of the word of Jesus, when the storms of life come, it will not blow your house down.
But if your house is built upon lust, sex, and perversion, your house is not going to stand.
Your house must have a foundation in marriage of the word of God.
And if the word is priority and the foundation in your home, when the storms of life come, your house will not blow down.
And there're so many people emailing us and saying, 'Will you pray for me?
I'm living with my boyfriend.
Is it okay to be in this relationship without being married if we promise to get married in the future, even if we live in sexual sin and do all this stuff?
' You're already building on a foundation that has cankerworms all in it.
You need to repent and get it right.
Make it clean.
God's not going to bless sin.
Do you understand?
You cannot ask God to bless sin.
He's not going to bless it.
It goes against Him.
If it goes against the word, He's not going to bless what goes against the word.
It just says, 'Don't be fornicating.
Don't be doing these things.
' You need to walk upright before Him and be holy and say, 'Lord, hey, if you love that girl enough, you'll put a ring on it.
If you love that man enough, you'll not be doing what you're doing.
' It's like I always say, 'Who wants to buy the cow if the milk is free?
' It may sound bad, but it's just true.
Who wants to buy a cow if the milk's free?
I'm not trying to be mean; I'm just being real.
Stop giving up the goods.
Be pure before the Lord.
Say, 'Hey, until I've got a ring on it, buddy, there's no covenant here.
Until you say "I do" and we're at that altar, there's no agreement here.
We're not shacking up together.
We're going to keep it clean because there's a blessing behind it.
' If you want to walk in the greater glory, you'll stay out of the hidden, you'll stay out of sin.
'Well, there ain't nothing wrong with it, brother.
' I'm telling you, we've been doing this for so long.
It doesn't make it right.
'We're common law.
' Well, just make it real law.
Just do what it takes.
I don't know why I'm on this, but I felt in my heart to say it.
It's coming up out of me.
Make things right.
Yes.
Stop cheating on your wife.
Stop cheating on your husband.
Well, you know, we have an open marriage.
You're just letting the devil come in there.
Disease, all kinds of things.
The devil's going to come in like a roaring lion.
He's going to devour y'all.
Well, you know, she messes around on me, I mess around on her.
That's not God.
That's bad.
You understand?
You all are playing with the devourer.
And the devourer is going to eat your lunch.
Stop this.
Make it right.
Make a covenant.
Repent of your sins.
Turn from your wicked ways.
Jesus Christ is coming.
This is not a time to play around in fire.
This is not a time to play with sin.
This is not a time, because no one knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns.
The ark door is about to close.
Ladies and gentlemen, you think, "Oh, Brandon, I've heard that.
" You know, grandma said...
No, I'm telling you, the ark door is about to close.
No man knows the day or the hour that the Son of Man returns.
And it will be like a thief in the night.
What does that mean to you?
No one saw him coming.
No one saw when he was coming.
A thief comes when you don't expect.
He'll come like a thief in the night to a lot of people.
Now, to those that are on fire, to those that have their eyes open and are on fire, he ain't coming like a thief for us.
He's coming to the unbeliever like a thief.
I believe, as we're watching the fig tree, we know what's coming.
I'm telling you, because of the close relationship I have with the Father and he tells me everything, he's going to show me what's coming.
You'll feel that.
You're going to feel something inside of you.
It's like you're going to know a turning's going on inside of you.
Something's about to happen.
The spiritual atmosphere, like we feel it right now, is charged.
Something is about to happen.
Like I told you all yesterday, you can feel the winds are changing of the fall season getting ready to set in.
You can see the sun.
You can see the signs.
You can see there's something about to happen.
But as a believer, we know that something, you can feel it.
Something is about to happen on a scale that we've never seen before.
Now, if you're staying too shallow and you're not coming up like the eagles and you're pecking around like a chicken, you may not see it.
You're going, "I don't know what he's talking about," because you're spiritually dead.
But the more you get on fire for Jesus and you soar like an eagle, you're going to hear what the Spirit of the Lord is telling you.
And it's going to have that wake-up, that blast, alarm, siren.
Jesus Christ is coming.
And he's coming back for a glorious church.
So, I just want you to say this prayer with me right now.
As you heard all what I just said, if you feel that tugging on the inside of you and you say, "Brandon, what must I do to be saved?
" Well, today is your day.
It says in the Bible, "It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
" The Bible also says, "With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
" So, I want you to repeat this prayer after me right now.
If you've never made Jesus Christ your Lord and personal Savior, today's your day.
Don't wait for another day.
Because the Bible says that no one comes to the Father unless he's drawn by him.
So I want you to know if you feel that drawing, if you feel you're here and you've never made Jesus...
you feel that stir and you're saying, "There's something that you just said, I just feel I need what you're talking about.
Would you help me, Brandon?
I'm on the verge of hurting myself.
I'm on the verge of cutting myself.
I'm on the verge of doing something terrible.
But I just feel so empty and lost as I watch you today.
I'm strung out on drugs.
I'm strung out on alcohol.
My marriage is bad.
She's left me.
She's cheating on me.
He's cheating on me.
He's left me.
I'm so empty.
I'm so alone.
I don't know if I can go another day.
" But you watch this video and you feel that tugging on your heart.
That's the Father knocking, and he's saying, "Knock, knock, knock.
Will you let me come in?
I have a plan for your life.
But you've got to give me the opportunity to come in and change things.
" He's a gentleman.
He'll never force his way into your life.
Never.
He's a gentleman.
He stands at the door and knocks.
He's standing at the door of your heart right now, and he's knocking, saying, "Will you let me come in and help you?
" He's never left you, and he'll never forsake you.
Lo, unto the end of the earth, he said he'd be with you always.
But he has to have you say, "I need you.
I need you to come in and change me from the inside out.
I can't do this anymore.
I'm broken.
All that I've done of trying to fix it on my own, I've made it a bigger mess.
" It's like a child whenever they break their toy and they bring it and they come to you, and it's something so easy for you to fix, but in that little three-year-old's mind, this is too broken to even play with anymore.
And that's your life right now.
And you're coming up to a Daddy that has everything that you'll ever need, and you take that broken toy called your life and you say, "Daddy, can you fix it?
" And he says, "Yes, honey.
It's easy for me to fix it.
" And all you've got to do is put the battery back in there.
You know, it's nothing really big, but in that little child's eyes, this is really messed up.
But in Dad's eyes, he's going, "This ain't nothing.
I got this.
" And that's what he wants from you today.
He just wants you to say, "Father, here am I.
Would you fix it?
My life's a mess.
I need you to fix it.
" And he says, "I work in what would seem to be impossible cases.
I specialize in them.
I specialize in impossible cases.
I specialize in what seems to be the hardest to fix in your eyes because you're too close to it.
But I'm the Master Fixer, and I can fix anything.
" But he needs you to say, "Here am I, Lord.
" So today is your opportunity for you to say, "Here am I, Lord.
I need you.
All I need is a Jesus that loves me.
Everybody else has turned their back on me.
Everybody else has stabbed me in the back.
I'm so lost and I've been hurt by so many.
I've been sexually abused.
I've been physically abused.
And I don't know how to trust even men.
I don't know how to trust any women.
I don't know how to trust anybody.
All I know is that I am broken.
But today is my day.
" I believe as you feel that inward tugging right now as I'm talking, that's the Holy Spirit working, and he's knocking on your door and he's saying, "Can I come in?
Can I come in?
" So I want you to repeat this prayer after me right now.
I want you to repeat it, and I want you to say it with your whole heart because the Bible says, "With the heart...
with the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
" It's how you do it.
"By grace are you saved through faith.
" You don't earn it.
You can't.
You don't deserve it.
It's a free gift.
But I'm going to tell you this: it cost Jesus everything.
It cost him his life.
And he did it for you publicly.
He died for you publicly.
He was humiliated.
He was beaten.
He was crucified on that cross just for you.
But not only did he die on that cross, he rose again on the third day, and he's making intercession for you right now.
He's praying for you to come home right now.
He has a plan for your life.
So I want you to comment down below, "I want to be saved.
I need Jesus right now.
I want to give my heart to Jesus Christ right now.
" If this message is speaking to you and you're hearing it, I want you to put in the comment section down below, "I need to be saved.
" But I'm going to say this prayer, and I want you to repeat it after me.
It's not a religious prayer.
It's a simple prayer.
It's not something that you have...
"Well, I'm not Baptist.
I'm not Methodist.
I'm not Catholic.
I'm not this.
" No, I'm not talking about religion.
I'm talking about a relationship.
So I want you to repeat this and I want you to have a relationship with Jesus today.
So say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I feel you knocking on my heart today.
I feel you knocking and I'm asking you to come in.
I'm asking you to cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
I'm asking you to forgive me of my past.
I'm asking you to help me with it because I can't do this anymore on my own.
I need you, Lord, to be my Lord and personal Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life today.
I want to be saved today.
I want a Savior today.
I want you to wash me and cleanse me from my past.
I turn my back on the world, Lord.
I turn my back on the devil.
And from this day forward, I'll serve you all the days of my life.
From this day forward, I dedicate my life to you.
Help me, Lord, to stay on track.
Help me, Lord, not to keep messing up and going back to my past.
I can't do this without you.
But I invite you in as you knock on my heart's door today.
Thank you, Lord, that you forgive me.
Thank you, Lord, that today's a fresh new start.
And I will serve you from this day forward in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen.
And amen.
Now, I believe if you said that prayer, you just got born again.
Do you feel that lifting off of you?
That's the old man.
Behold, he made all things new.
The old man died.
Just died.
And you are a new creation created in Christ Jesus today.
You have become a new creature.
I believe with all my heart that old man is buried.
You just buried him.
Don't dig him back up.
Let him stay dead.
But I want you to be encouraged today that you are at the right place at the right time and you're in the palm of the Father's hand and He loves you so much.
We're rejoicing with you.
I believe the angels in heaven are rejoicing with you.
But what do you do to be saved?
What happens now?
What now?
Well, you read your Bible.
You find a Bible.
You read your Bible every single day and you pray and you seek Him daily.
Seek Him daily.
Find a great non-denominational church.
That's where I would go.
A non-denominational church that teaches the Word of God.
Tell that pastor, 'I just got born again and I need to be water-baptized.
' Go and get water-baptized.
Pray every single day.
Go to church Wednesday, Sunday when they have small group, prayer group, whatever they have going on there.
Get plugged in there and it will change you.
If you get your Bible and you read your Bible, it will change you from the inside out.
This is Diana's new Bible.
She got a brand new Bible today.
Isn't it pretty?
She loves Bibles.
And it has great big print in it.
So, that's one that you don't even have to have glasses on, your reading glasses.
Isn't that beautiful?
She hasn't even highlighted it yet.
There are no highlights in that one.
And so, but if you can't afford a Bible and you're here, you said, 'Brandon, you're telling me to do all this stuff and I don't even have the money to buy a Bible.
' Well, guess what?
Diana and I would love to buy you a Bible for free.
Yes.
If you just go into the description, you'll find our email address and then just write 'I can't afford a Bible' in the subject line and then put your address in the body of the email and we will send you a Bible through Amazon and we'll never use your address ever again to contact you for anything else.
It's just purely to send the Bible to you.
Just to tell you congratulations on your decision.
How exciting, this new life, the brand new decision you've made today.
We want to celebrate with you and give you a Bible.
So, how exciting.
And then the other part is we ask you to come back and pray with us all the time.
Thank you for being part of our channel and coming today.
Like I said, it wasn't by coincidence, but glory to God that you're here and that you just made that decision today.
So, hallelujah.
Wonderful.
That's exciting.
So, in and all other things that we wanted to say today, we're just so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you for subscribing.
Thank you for liking.
Thank you for being a part of our YouTube channel.
It's such a blessing.
As we pray and we close, we're so thankful for every single one of you.
We always try to make these videos a little shorter for you so you can just get a recap of what we prayed for the day before.
Now, tomorrow, we'll do more prayer videos and we're pushing the river more, but we try to make this for the people who do not have time to spend 2 hours on a video.
So, God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.